we got to we have to rock to do it for
you to be together Anthony Oh keep it
together let's go all right I'll play
first all right I'm gonna say jump over
both those bricks first are you serious
let's try the first one let's try not
even making it to the brick you could
make it that would be after Oh what not
everything is what it seems is sighs I
mean you jumping that means I'm gonna go
to the hole I'm gonna think that you
probably jump in the hole which is what
I'm used to yep
oh man oh man I'm gonna assume that I'm
guessing that it's like right in the
middle name can't really
I'm gonna guess is right in the middle
now we're not lying for once you never
know when they're lying right in the
middle right in the middle you're right
you're right
here we go do it for real this time oh
you got
and both at OU unfair Mario you are are
you old son of a bitch oh man so do you
think I should land on the very egg on
the tip just the tip yeah just the tip
in the sack yes the tip oh the tip is
too sensitive cuz it's just the metal
done that
half the times I've died so far up cuz I
just try to be too ginger and not like
soulless but oh that was an accident
oh did you see the checkpoint he's each
okay I said I freaking check when I get
the checkpoint god I forget checkpoint I
second checkpoint Oh unfair Mario
jumping up a box and he's gonna suck on
some blocks unfair Mario get spiked in
his ass but it's okay you just gotta
step on the grass jump open the block
and go suck some ah all right we gotta
go under that we got to go under it
you're gonna die what did you say bitch
I'm under under I think
oh I'm so scared go over that yes Oh
Goomba oh man how much you bet these
goombas are gonna like flyer like that's
what I'm a real group chop your dick off
that's like a special Goomba of course
do you think the tip works oh that's it
works do you think something something's
gonna hit me with up on the Goomba all
right no I'm scared
I wanted to just fight you good little
rascals be moving my my favorite movie
cuz not be you know it is a great kids
movie Sandlot
now that movie was though it's really
good children's movie se7en oh yeah oh
dude 7 is such a good show Larry not
lying my dad took me to see the movie 7
when I was 7 I'm not even lying
he's like happy birthday no just like
nah I didn't just turn 7 but he wanted
to see the movie I was with him he took
me to see it and I don't even remember
like any of it because my eyes I was
just like clenching my eyes I remember
like wishing that it would be over and
yeah I can't jump there so I've been too
traumatized to talk tried to traumatized
you Travis dies who trapped I was there
was a travesty
I was too traumatized to watch it again
where the hell can you jump over here
it's like right you're not where the
arrow is right not there at all oh I
didn't have to get don't touch him did
not get it I do not know under over them
over there oh very smart my friend what
is this how much you know I bet that
they have a little little thing here
that they're sleazies something right
here it's all gonna fall out or there
give me a brick library they wanna jump
in the Invisibles the open spot let's
give it a shot
oh this chair almost she almost killed
me
it almost got me dieded uh-huh yeah
rookie mistake you almost did I know
that's why I said I said budge wait for
it he turned around hecka Early's oh
look who it is over over oh damn it Hey
he slides that's the problem he's got
some in ice skates on it's the problem
can I skate mother do I jump from here
okay you want all of a man me a little
jelly get a little super hex is my jam
the cat boy it wasn't really my jam but
this is my jam I'm so I'm just so pissed
that I haven't beaten any of these you
just you just can't hold up to my
awesomeness my amazingness of unfair
Mario well if you guys want us to do
another one oh let's go down let's get
uh at least fifty three thousand likes
and we'll play it again fifty three
thousand five hundred and thirty two
eyes we're gonna play Microsoft Word
teaches typing the game yep so I think
you guys know what to do and I think I
know what to do scratch your chin no
shoot my sheep depart on my chin off so
I have a butt chin oh if we get it'll
fit the but nose all right all right so
leave a comment below letting us know
what else he's like as a play if you
don't want us to play this game all
right we'll see you guys next week bye
actually I call myself oh yeah it'll be
funny if he was like all right guys on
my name my name is knack and I'll kick
you crack get get aggro get aggro bro